docs: intro sentence for date-dropdown (#1605)
siemens/ix: packages/documentation/docs/controls/_dropdown_styleguide.md

## Guidelines

> We typically use dropdowns to allow users to select one option from a list. Selecting one of the items in the dropdown performs the action. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dropdown containers allow users to select one option from a list. Selecting one of the items in the dropdown performs the action. 
```
